okay we're gonna
going to replace this steel door
okay this is the side of the door see it
got hit here one time by a car so I
gotta make my own pins I had to get away
to shove them in here
see the sight of the pin will go in here
and I got a cemented in the building
now the door are we drilled in here and
we got these bolts and there's plugs and
we have to bolt it in
that's our bolts huh put this on first
does she sit here and then I checked it
with my door
adjusted so my door closes I'm just
gonna pack up with symmetry the blocks
are loose behind it see we got the hole
here we got the rubber glove we're
packing it and beside behind that door
reason being this this was hit with a
car and it's got to get built solid
that's what we do we pack it with the
rubber glove
make sure it's packed real good in there
the reason I'm actually putting the door
is cuz I'm the guy who did the stucco
years ago
we just around the edges and then
we come back in a few days make sure
anything didn't shrink and we're done